# CS300

For project one, we had to utilize developmental structure to create pseudocode without making the program itself. We had to assess the tasks given, determine the most efficient method, and create an outline for the program that would be created in project two. We had to create pseudocode utilizing a hash tree, vector, and data tree. Finally, we had to assess which data structure would be most effective. In project two, we had to impliment the proposed pseudocode in project one. We had to develope code that read a text file, stored the input as courses and prerequistes, and create a searchable catalog of courses and their prerequisites. Additionally, we had to create a menue that took user input, and output error codes when criteria were not met. 
The major problem for the projects in this ocurse was to create a searchable searchable course catalog. To approach this problem, I broke it down into simple steps (load courses, print courses, search for individual courses, exit.) Data structures are important to understand so you can pick the most efficient structure for your given project. In my case, a vector was the best option. However, there are countless projects in which a hash table or data tree are best suited. To overcome roadblocks, I looked at the error codes I was given. If I could not figure out how to solve it, I searched on sites such as StackOverflow for similar problems. Additionally, I broke down the code piece by piece to see exactly when it stopped working. This allowed me to isolate the problem and experiment with it for solutions. This project has expanded my approach to software design and program development. Now, I feel comfortable writing and implimenting hash tables and data trees. I was not comfortable doing this previously. Additionally, the option between three structures in the project furthered my ability to maintain and write programs. By giving me more options, I had to carefully consider the limitations of each. Similarly, the increasing complexity of the project forced me to increase my code readability; specifiically, improving my inline comments.
